# MultiInstancesRefactoring
This repository contain the source code of a tool allowing the user to generate an optimized BPMN process
out of an initial process, a resource pool, and an IAT.
Each task of the BPMN process must have a name, a duration, and a set of needed resources, with the following
syntax: "name (duration) <1 resource_1, 1_resource2>".
For example, task "OpenBankAccount" could have the following name: OpenBankAccount (7) <1 employee, 1 user>.
Examples can be found in the "EXAMPLES" folder of this project.

A resource pool and a set of dependencies (if existing) must be present in the working directory.
The resource pool file must end have a ".rsp" extension, and the set of dependencies must have a ".dep" extension.
The resource pool represents the number of resources that the process can have access to.
It is represented as a list of resources given line by line.
For example, the pool corresponding to the OpenBankAccount task would be

- 1 employee
- 1 user

The set of dependencies represent an order that must be preserved by the approach.
If some tasks are dependent, they are put in a ".dep" file, with one dependency per line and the following syntax:

(T1, T2)
(T1, T3)
(T2, T4)

The IAT given to the process is a strictly positive integer value.
The main class is the class main/Main.java.
The tool can be started using the command "./gradlew main --args="working_directory IAT"" where "working_directory"
must be replaced by the absolute path of the directory containing the process, the resource pool and the set of,
dependencies and "IAT" must be replaced by the positive integer value representing the IAT.
Once launched, the tool will show textually on the standard output the the resource pool needed by the optimal
version of the process to execute without concurrency, and some metrics regarding its execution.
Moreover, "working_directory" will now contain a new BPMN file called "refactored_process.bpmn", that is the
process generated by the tool.
